I'm gonna sell this video with an
apology Jamie and Mike both gonna be
very grumpy in this video because
they're both very tired I'm grumpy
because I'm so blurred I'm just I'm just
hungry
that makes more sense now talking about
being hungry our new series sorta days
has been out for the last couple of
weeks hopefully you've already seen the
apple pie or American Pie that we did
and we've also just done this week a
Cobb salad and last week in 4h Camp we
say either challenge where we wanted to
find out what your local food from your
local town your local County your local
country was we've realized that YouTube
is the platform for food there's so much
out there and we got a really good
response not just YouTube Twitter
Facebook Instagram it ones we change the
photos with this socialite idea so the
point been where we have some examples
of some amazing work yes what I did
quite like was baby'd cents on facebook
a link to a restaurant in New York near
where he lives when they serve a garbage
plate it's basically loads of food a
serious amount of food apparent the
source is unbelievable
okay we're gonna put it all click in the
DVD on we're gonna take David's word for
that but about Michael from San
Francisco they send us a video yeah oh
that one talking about his Dungeness
crab you guys have done Jesco few weeks
I actually know what funniness crab is
doing like it's neater neater foodies we
are a little bit one of my favorite
videos was won a pupper Hewitt for her
accent I think I fall in love with that
I just I don't think your accents there
won the Bubba we only thought it was
fair if we're asking you for your
favorite foods we should also probably
be telling you about our favorite foods
on the in hog the limelight game okay my
food
it's got to be bangers and mash
topanga's mash peas and an onion gravy
bank as a national poet match to classic
British come on Mike what's your
favorite food I reckon I'd have to go
for fish and chips when we did our fish
and chip recipe
didn't we discover that we thought we
thought there was British like it
doesn't get much more British to the
fish chips out of a newspaper and
anyone's hold this but it's grease yeah
don't do that
find out to me about the Romans and the
great invented everything
it's true the road that runs past the
outside of my house that's a Roman Road
they didn't big corners have a guess in
my favorite I reckon you're gonna babble
on again about your mum's apple crumble
weird sauce isn't right I'm sorry for me
this soggy crumbly bit in the middle
yeah is the best bit debate doesn't
crumb so she has now much a story
happens to down much crumbly yeah it's
amazing
did anyone see the first video response
we got which limb sir
the one from Laura from Indiana Indiana
and she drove around the hometown and
showed us the great beauty bars do you
can only get in her hometown you made up
the pronunciation of that great Billy
and I'm sure that's what she said we
have to get better at this we do have to
get better right my scream Katherine
chocolate on a stick she liked him and I
like melting do you remember our eclairs
video from Friday Tuesday your clothes
video yeah did you pronounce something
wrong the nucleus video creme patisserie
and patisserie creme patisserie creme
patisserie creme patisserie creme
patisserie creme patisserie remember it
is yeah and creme patisserie I apologize
in advance I actually spotted it in the
Edit but it was too late to correct it
wasn't it Mike good I was stupid I got a
bit of tongue twister so on this
occasion I completely mucked up my
pronunciation of creme patisserie which
I thought was the cream that goes inside
of our Claire's it's actually apprentice
year sorry okay I broke your violin I'm
sorry
fair play it takes a real man to
apologize it does as I do every week or
so we've had so many responses that we
can't cram them all into this switch
camps so what you see before you now is
a whole page of all of the other video
requests responses Twitter images
Instagram Facebook bits that you can see
some of them are even in English there's
a lot of stuff on the screen right now I
know I can't believe it
Mike's going to love this bit of editing
so make sure you go check all these
channels out they are fascinating to
watch are we missing any other links
what about that baby's arm that I cooked
for the table not the baby's arm the
whopping great big huge gigantic sausage
rolls there we go we've got there
virtually
if you either had to make a baby's arm
stash losses rather go toilets I sorted
food calm
what really exciting thing this week was
that Ben and I got to cook with a
celebrity celebrity channel Liberty who
I'm
personality radio 1 DJ Oh Gemma Kenny
Gemma carretera we could find and we
made a really cool skinny fish pies
Lacasse we're so trendy make sure you
subscribe to us we sorted food more and
go by that time thank you I did we have
a website sorted food calm do you want
us to make a video about Easter eggs yes
well that's one vote if you thumbs up
this video that will give us a good idea
whether we should make video about
Easter eggs it needs me but if we do
what we can we'll keep in it real live
chicks there we go real life chicks in
an Easter Egg you won't and they I
promise